Of course, these tasks are not fixed by a formal sign,
like, I took a piece of paper and put it on the other end of the table.
They are still comparable in their significance, in some weight, of course.
So, the next technique is called the result-oriented planning.
Pay attention to the following slide.
We are very often used to fixing our tasks in the following formulations.
Call Ivanov. Petrov. Project. Meeting at 16.00.
However, we can hardly understand the purpose of this event and what result we should get from these formulations.
So, we suggest the result-oriented planning of your tasks.
Instead of calling Ivanov, you should finish Ivanov's order.
Instead of Petrov. Project, you should get Petrov's information.
Instead of meeting at 16.00, you can use another formulation.
Not to make a joint, but to encourage, reward, praise, and so on.
Please pay attention to the following item.
This is prioritization.
Why is this the Schwab method?
We are talking about the head of the company named Charles Schwab,
who asked the consultant for help in optimizing his working day.
He does not have time to perform the most important tasks for him.
The consultant gave a very banal recommendation.
Make a list of your priority tasks.
First, make a list of the most important tasks.
And then make a list of the least important tasks.
And, please, perform these tasks in this sequence.
Then, the tasks that you simply do not have enough time for,
will remain unimportant.
The most interesting is the result.
A couple of weeks later, the consultant received a check for $ 25,000
with a remark that it was the most valuable management advice he had ever heard and received.
Indeed, we remember the old metaphor.
The metaphor about a vessel half filled with water.
This is a resource of our working time.
And here are stones, pebbles, and sand.
Stones are large, powerful, important tasks.
Pebbles are medium tasks.
And finally, sand is not an important task.
But there are many of them.
And we really want to put as many pebbles as possible in the morning.
Decide to throw yourself off, to drop as many tasks as possible.
And we do that by first filling our vessel with sand.
And the water rises significantly.
Our working time is gone.
After that, we start throwing pebbles there.
The water rose even more.
And when it came to starting to immerse stones there,
the water began to overflow across the edge.
We stayed there at the end of our working time at our workplaces.
And we put stones there.
And now it's 7, 8, 9 o'clock.
And there are no stones at the end of the edge.
And it's already night outside.
So, what are the recommendations in this regard?
As for prioritizing tasks,
put the most important thing first.
You put two stones, and the water rose very much.
You spent a lot of your working time.
After that, pour pebbles there.
The water will rise completely.
And finally, pour sand until the water has reached the edge.
And when the water has reached the edge,
that is, your working time has exhausted itself,
make a decision whether this sand is worth it
to stay for it at your workplace,
when it's already evening and when we're waiting at home.
So, it should be noted
the differentiability of such concepts
as the result of orientation and concretization.
Attention to the next slide.
Please look at this graph.
At the bottom, in the left corner, you have a meeting.
It's a neutral recording.
It's not result-oriented and not concretized.
You start moving horizontally
and intensify the concretization.
You have the following recording.
A meeting on project A, which will take place at 4 p.m.
in a kind of negotiating room with such people.
Yes, the recording has become more concrete,
but it still has no result.
What do you want to get as a result of the meeting?
And so we start moving vertically up.
We begin to increase the result-orientedness of the phrase.
Here you see a rough, let's say,
a formulating of project A.
In fact, you need to give a kick.
In the upper right corner,
you have a high result-orientedness
and a high degree of concretization of the task.
When you determine, first of all,
the result you need to get,
the goal of the meeting,
and finally the meeting, where it is, when and with whom it should take place.
And now let's look at our workbook.
Please open the workbook on page 8.
Here are various formulations,
both result-oriented and not result-oriented.
Our task is to find the formulations
that are not result-oriented
and re-formulate them into a result-oriented type.
Let's go straight in order.
So, hand over the coat to the chemical cleaner.
Undoubtedly, the result-oriented formulation.
Because if we leave such a note on the table,
that is, we ask our family members about it,
in the evening we can easily check it.
Did you hand it over?
Handed over. Everything is fine.
So, the next point is to call Petrov.
Please note,
by logic, this is a result-oriented formulation,
because it contains the necessary verb,
which indicates the result that should be achieved
and allows us to control later,
in fact, whether we called or not.
However, we note that in this case
the very concretization of the formulation is necessary,
because the very purpose of the call may not be the fact itself.
Most likely, we expect something from this call,
and what we expect from it,
we would like to see in the formulation of the task itself.
To achieve the signing of the contract with the OTC,
of course, the result-oriented formulation,
to transfer 15,000 to the account of the supplier,
and also the result-oriented formulation,
to meet with Konstantin.
Of course, in these formulations a lot depends on the context.
If Konstantin is our friend,
and the task itself is to meet with him,
to talk to him,
to drink beer, and so on,
then, of course, we can consider this formulation
quite result-oriented.
If we are talking about a work task,
and some certain business hopes are laid out for this meeting,
then we would like to formulate them
directly in this formulation.
Further.
Meeting 15,000 employees.
Not a result-oriented formulation,
because we need to note
what we expect from this meeting,
and how we can understand
whether this meeting was successful.
Please note that many of our meetings
are not 100% effective, unfortunately.
For this reason.
Because when organizing a meeting,
we do not clearly represent the results
that should be obtained.
Next.
Meeting at 13.00 is a result-oriented task.
Just like making a schedule for tomorrow
and going to the cinema in the evening.
Next.
Calling the client T to find out what the problem is.
Quite a result-oriented formulation.
We can check,
you called, you called, you found out,
found out, and great.
Next.
Object R.
What to do with it?
And here you need to understand,
what to do with it?
Decide what to do with it, right?
To agree on what to do with it,
discuss what to do with it,
so that this formulation is not a result-oriented.
To sleep.
As a rule, in training,
this extremely simple point causes a lot of discussion.
People say,
no, it's not at all,
I need to write exactly how much to lie down,
how much to get up.
In fact, what's the harm in hiding?
This is a result-oriented formulation,
and we can still find out for ourselves,
whether we have achieved the result or not.
Staying with children.
Result-oriented formulation.
Meeting Ivanov.
Contract.
Not a result-oriented formulation,
because we need to understand what we expect from Ivanov in connection with this contract.
We need to discuss it, sign, cancel, correct, and so on.
16.00.
Board of Directors Meeting.
Exactly the same.
Not a result-oriented formulation,
because we still need to understand what we want.
We need to organize this meeting,
we need to prepare the transfer material,
we need to prepare some kind of send-off,
we need to speak at the Board of Directors Meeting, and so on.
Withdraw money from AR-Media.
Quite a result-oriented formulation.
Letaev-Pronin calls.
Not a result-oriented formulation,
because we need to decide
what we want to get from Letaev and Pronin as a result of these calls.
For example, calls to discuss the contract with Letaev
and sign this contract with Pronin.
Remind yourself of the Board of Directors Meeting.
Quite a result-oriented formulation.
Again, we have a dubious wording,
but unfortunately it is very often used in our diaries.
Cancel the event in Vyaz.
So, ignore this event,
do not go to it,
come up with a reason.
Quite a result-oriented formulation.
And finally, the exhibition.
Project B and Project C.
Not a result-oriented formulation,
but a formulation that we should note.
What do we want?
For example, to prepare for the exhibition with Project B and C.
Prepare the standees for Project B
and the distribution materials for Project C.
And so on.
We should note that with a result-oriented formulation
everything is not as transparent as with a concretization.
And we are always very drawn to concretize some tasks
much more than to orient the results of these tasks.
But in fact, in order to get results
on these tasks,
we should focus not so much on the concretization,
but on the result-orientedness of these formulations.
And the specifics depend on each of us.
So, we move on to planning our day.
And first of all,
we need to select the types of our daily tasks
that we need to plan.
Please, pay attention to the next slide.
So, the types of our daily tasks.
The first is the tough tasks that we are used to.
These are tasks that are tied to our exact time.
A meeting at 12 a.m. is a tough task.
A presentation at 4 p.m. is a tough task.
What to do with this tough task?
Of course, as we are used to,
we need to fix this task in our diary
with a binding to the exact time.
A meeting at 12 p.m.
A presentation at 4 p.m.
But we also have flexible tasks.
What are they?
These are tasks that we must do today.
In this regard, they are not different from the tough ones.
They are different in that their execution
is not tied to a specific time.
For example, making several calls,
preparing some references,
writing a report.
In this regard, we should not overload our grid.
We should simply make a list of these tasks,
arranging them by priorities.
That is, we will have flexible tasks
starting with more priority ones
and ending with less priority tasks.
Among our flexible tasks,
there are special flexible tasks.
These are tasks that will take us a lot of time.
For example, making a report.
We know that we will do this
for at least two hours.
It does not matter to us
when we will do this task,
today at 12 p.m. or today at 3 p.m.
It is important to us that we should allocate
at least two hours for this task.
Why do we talk about allocating time?
In order to free this time
from other tasks.
So that at this time we are not distracted
and we are not distracted and not distracted by anything else.
This is a very important point.
We remind you of our locomotive,
which should move without stopping
from point A to point B
in order to overcome this distance
in a minimum time.
This type of tasks is called budgeted.
That is, to perform these tasks
a certain budget of time is required,
a certain time resource.
And these tasks,
because they require a certain resource of time,
it is desirable to place them in the clock grid.
Not, so to speak, fixing their beginning,
not necessarily hard determining
that, let's say, we will start writing this report at 12.
No.
But having allocated the necessary and sufficient
time resource on the clock grid
and freeing their own time
from other affairs at this time.
So, now we will deal with
a very important case for planning the day.
Please pay attention to the following slide.
Here is a task for this case.
So, the first thing you need to do
is to analyze the thoughts of the manager
who starts his typical working day.
These thoughts are presented in your workbook.
After that, you need to make a plan
for this working day
using the rigid-flexible planning algorithm.
So, in your workbook,
on the one hand,
this is the description of the day,
the manager's thoughts.
If you scroll through this workbook,
you will see this page in the workbook,
you will see your daily page there.
Please see, this page is presented
also on your next slide.
This page is divided into two conditional parts.
The left part is those rigid and budgeted tasks
that you have to do during the day.
The right part is those flexible tasks
that are built in a prioritized way
and the execution of which is not tied to exact time.
So, your task now is
to read the whole case very carefully.
The second thing is to highlight in this case
all the tasks that the manager has to solve today.
The third thing is to classify these tasks
into rigid, flexible and budgeted.
After that, you can proceed to making a plan for the day.
To do this, in the left part of your daily page
you first of all mark the manager's rigid tasks.
After that, you present in the right part of the daily page
all his flexible tasks,
having built them in a priority way.
After you have highlighted all the flexible tasks of the manager,
please determine which of these flexible tasks
should be budgeted,
which, by definition, requires a budget of time, its resource.
Having highlighted the budgeted tasks,
please mark in the left part of your daily page
the time interval during which you will be dealing
with the solution of these budgeted tasks.
Before proceeding to the task,
please read the planning technique of the working day,
which is presented in your notebook
over these pages of the daily.
And now, please pause and proceed to solving the case.
We are waiting for you.
So, the task is completed.
Let's see what we have.
Please tell me how many rigid tasks you have found in the case.
The correct answer is two tasks.
What are these tasks?
The first one is to call the boss to the table,
and the second one is a presentation.
Please note that in the process of work,
we have new rigid tasks.
As we set the meeting time,
the meeting time with the supplier,
and some other negotiations,
but initially we have only two rigid tasks.
So, in the left side of the daily,
you have tasks such as
the presentation time and the call time to the table.
As for the flexible tasks,
we set them as priority and put them in the right side of the daily.
As for the budgeted tasks,
we put them in the grid.
Please tell me,
who has read the task, as we agreed,
which is above our daily pages?
I hope that everyone has read it,
because it contains the key information
necessary for the task.
It is written there that
the gaps between the tasks should be left,
the air should be left in the plan,
that is, the free and unoccupied places,
and in fact, the total percentage of the time taken
should be 70, or better 60% of the working time.
You will say, how is it possible?
60% is almost half of the working day.
Should we not use it?
I will answer the following question.
Please tell me,
how long have you been thinking about some strategic things,
your personal development,
your projects, your company?
How long have you been reading the latest news
in the legal sphere,
concerning your activity?
How long have you been reading the latest scientific literature,
concerning your technologies,
your activities, your business in general?
As for economic literature,
you will always have this time, believe me,
but you will never be in a tight spot.
Why do we recommend flexible tasks
to be placed separately, not to include them in the grid?
This is the main question,
because in fact, it is more convenient for many of us
to plan all types of tasks in the grid.
But look what is happening.
We are having a tough time,
because we depend on other people.
Someone got stuck in traffic and was late for 20 minutes.
We allocated an hour for the conversation,
and he was late for 20 minutes.
And we got the following task.
It also went down.
We start to get nervous.
We drive ourselves into a state of stress.
This is never useful for the cause,
especially for us.
If we leave a gap between the cases,
if we leave large time blocks unoccupied,
it means that no matter how tough the tasks are,
we will always have time to solve them.
We will have time to solve them,
as well as to solve some important tasks.
Let's sum up the day's planning.
Pay attention to the following slide.
So, we don't dive into the working day.
We don't rush to complete tasks
that we have already planned.
We clearly allocate 5-10 minutes for planning.
We write down a list of our flexible tasks.
We check again if there are any new tough meetings.
How can we do this?
Our diaries are not made to allocate a separate place
for tough meetings.
We have to make sure that we have a list of tasks
that we can allocate a separate place for.
It's very simple.
We can divide a standard diary in half,
if it's big enough.
Or if the diary is not big enough,
we write down tough meetings in it
and allocate a place for some budgetary tasks.
We can also write down a list of tasks
on a piece of paper or a big diary page.
I prefer the second option.
I prefer to keep a list of flexible tasks
in my diary.
I prefer to write down the tasks that we have already completed.
Some people like to write down the tasks
on a separate piece of paper.
They want to tear the paper
and throw it away.
If you feel comfortable with this,
you can do it this way.
So,
the second point.
We measure the toughness of the planning tool
with the nature of the task.
Is it a flexible or budgetary task?
We try not to tie flexible tasks to the schedule.
Why?
For a flexible response to new circumstances.
And finally, the third important conclusion.
The more air in the plan,
the more reserves,
the higher the probability of implementing the plan,
the higher the simplicity of changing the plan
during the day.
And finally,
our conclusion on the whole block of planning.
The next slide.
Planning is not something tough.
Planning is about how to complete a task
in the best time for it.
Next, we manage our tasks consciously.
Everyone should know
that we always use a convenient moment
to solve our tasks.
And finally,
planning should be oriented to the result.
And for this we use result-oriented formulations.
And now we finish the discussion on the topic of planning
and move on to a very important block,
the block of self-motivation
or self-struggle.
So,
how often do you rest during the working day?
Not at all?
Do you rest for 5 minutes?
During lunch?
I think I hear all these replicas.
Maybe many others.
In fact, there are a lot of possibilities
and a lot of scenarios
of a 5-minute effective rest
during our working day.
And you must rest,
because typical mistakes of work load
are reduced to the following.
First,
rest is spontaneous.
It is not planned and organized consciously.
Second,
rest is not rhythmical.
We do not have clear rules
about the frequency and time of rest.
And finally,
we do not have well-thought-out scenarios of rest.
Why do we have a problem every 45 minutes?
Because children are not able to immerse themselves
in a problem for more than 45 minutes.
Why do we have a problem
in educational institutions?
in a couple of academic hours?
Why?
Because we are not able to do it.
In fact, it is even worse.
Every 20 minutes we need to change our activities.
This is a perfect state.
But in fact,
the essential need
is a 5-minute rest once an hour.
It is not necessary
that we should interrupt
the execution of our budgetary tasks
and stop resting.
No, it is not like that.
We are distracting ourselves.
And this is wrong.
Of course, when we are immersed,
when we are focused on the development
of a business plan,
or we are engaged in some kind of report,
or we are writing an article.
Of course, we should not be distracted.
But in routine,
in a flow,
it is desirable to pull yourself out
of this routine state and switch.
This is also our investment
in our health,
in our resourceful state during the day,
in our adequate perception of problems
and in a normal friendly attitude
to all people around us.
So, what are the principles of effective rest?
Attention to the next slide.
The first is that the rest should be rhythmic,
5 minutes per hour.
The second is that there should be maximum switching.
And the third is the maximum change of the context.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Mayakovsky said this best.
Comrade, remember the rules of the simple.
You work while sitting,
rest while standing.
And we really pay attention
to the fact that the ideal rest
is a rest that switches us
from one activity to another as much as possible.
If we were sitting at the computer,
got up, stretched,
did some microscopic gymnastics,
very tiny,
drank a cup of freshly brewed tea,
pulled ourselves out of the workplace,
walked, brewed this tea,
came to the window,
looked what was heard on the street,
that is, pulled yourself out of the context.
If, on the contrary,
you were traveling all day,
you were running all day,
you were discussing something with someone all day,
then, on the contrary, sit down,
close your eyes,
as our colleagues from Japan did on the slide,
and take a little nap.
This is a really important point.
As you know, in Japan,
new chairs have been developed
that allow you to take a horizontal position
and sleep a little during the working day.
It is thought that, unfortunately,
this has not yet reached Russia,
but nevertheless,
it is possible to sit a little,
with your eyes closed,
and, as psychologists say,
to focus,
that is, not to think about anything,
this is a very useful thing.
So, the first thing we agreed on
is that we rest during the working day.
And now let's talk,
if we do not rest,
what should we do with the tasks
that we have to do
and that we really do not want to solve sometimes.
And the first task is called
an elephant.
So, the first task is called an elephant.
What is it?
The task is huge,
very, very voluminous,
it is not quite clear
how to get to it, how to solve it.
This is a task that should never be solved
in one sitting.
What should we do with this task?
And what is this task?
Writing a dissertation,
developing a powerful business plan,
developing a strategy,
a development strategy,
a PR strategy,
everything that requires immersion.
In addition, of course,
these are our everyday tasks,
this is a renovation, a move,
this is some kind of real estate purchase,
this is even a car purchase.
Everyone knows the elephant,
learning a foreign language.
This is getting a driver's license.
Why?
Because in order to cope
with this elephant,
we need to do a lot of things.
In particular, we need to prepare a theory,
hand it over, we need to hand over the site,
we need to hand over the city.
So, are there any technologies
that can solve these elephant tasks?
Yes, of course, there are.
Please pay attention to the next slide.
We are sorry for the elephant,
but the most correct thing we can do
is to cut it into beefsteaks.
What is a beefsteak?
This is a portion of work
that can be done in one sitting.
that can be budgeted,
placed in the plan of the day
and calmly deal with the solution of this task.
But there is a correct approach
to cutting the elephant into beefsteaks,
and there is not quite the correct approach.
What is it?
Please look at the slide,
and read the page of the traffic rules.
This is not quite the correct approach
to cutting the elephant
under the name of driver's rights.
Why?
It is a much more reasonable approach
to work out one exam card.
Because reading the page of the traffic rules
is often not very informative for us.
We did not get close to the knowledge
of the specific situations
that occur on the road,
nor to the issue of driving license.
However, when we work out an exam card,
perhaps in this case we need to read
not one page of the traffic rules,
but several different pages at once.
And besides that,
we should call our good friend,
consult with him,
consult with someone,
think of something else,
maybe read something additional.
In any case,
this sharply brings us closer to the end result.
Area number two.
To study the new traffic rules.
The new traffic rules
also apply to the elephant.
If we are talking about a piece of the elephant
called the grammar,
then I agree with this.
But if we are talking about a huge elephant,
about studying the language,
about using it,
about forming weekend competitions,
then, of course,
it is more reasonable
to do something more practical.
For example,
to talk to a native speaker for a while,
to read the head of Harry Potter
in the language with your child,
or to watch Pirates of the Caribbean
in the language,
or to watch a news program,
or to read a newspaper in the language.
In any case,
this is what arms you
with weekend competitions
on the application of those knowledge
of a foreign language.
And finally, the third elephant,
which is presented on the slide,
is the article about fitness.
You know, this elephant
is called a change
to the best physical shape of the body.
What very often attracts temptation
to study all the new literature
on this topic,
it is better to do exercise
or do 50 push-ups
or just take a contrast shower.
That is, finally,
move away from words and get down to business
and do something useful.
And now we will cut the elephant.
And for this,
again, let's turn to our workbook.
So, please open the workbook
on page 12
and turn it over
so that you have such a clean page on the left.
Now we are working with a clean page.
Please think about
what your elephant
in your work,
what task you have not started for a long time,
because it is so voluminous
that you really want to postpone it
and do as much as possible.
Second, please decide
with the elephant in your private life.
Maybe you have a long time to do the renovation
in the apartment, and you are pulling it all the time.
Maybe something else,
maybe you have not been tidying up your home for a long time,
despite the fact that your family is asking you
about it very much.
They are asking you to do something,
and they demand from you some endless efforts
and it is not clear where they should start and where they should end.
And please decide with the elephant
in the field of your self-development.
Maybe you have a long time to write a dissertation,
maybe you have a long time to write a monograph,
or something else,
some other book
that will allow you to go to a completely new
stage of your development.
So, you have decided on this,
and now, please,
cut the elephant into pieces.
Before you allocate a small portion of work,
it is worth determining
from which key pieces
this elephant consists.
For example,
we return to our elephant
on the transfer of driver's license.
As we have already said,
this is a theory of the site and the city.
Here are three blocks that can be further
calmly broken into pieces.
So, in any case,
it is necessary to first determine
such large blocks
from which this case consists.
And after that,
this specific block is divided into bifstex,
that is, we allocate a small portion of work,
which can be done
during your working day.
How to allocate time for this?
We have already decided on this.
This is a budgetary task,
or, as an exception,
you can put it as a tough task for yourself,
to finally put yourself
in a hopeless situation,
that you must
cope with this bifstex
and, of course,
start his slow eating.
You will not have time to look around,
as after a while you will find
that there is not a piece of your elephant left.
And we move on to our next dish.
Our next dish is called a frog.
What is it?
A small,
not difficult,
but very unpleasant thing,
which we try to put off
as far as possible.
Ideally, not to do it at all.
What is it?
A call to an unpleasant person,
a charge that we do not want to do,
some unpleasant conversation
that we have to have,
a trip to a dentist.
It is not difficult,
it will take no more than an hour,
and in fact, in modern conditions,
it is not so painful,
but it is painful and unpleasant.
So, what to do with frogs?
It is very simple,
this frog must be eaten
from the earliest morning,
as soon as you come to work.
Eating a frog in the morning
increases your further performance
in three, say the specialists.
Why? First of all,
because you are a winner,
you have defeated yourself.
In addition, the most unpleasant thing
that was waiting for you today is already behind,
and you have already solved
all the problems.
Sometimes life goes so that
two frogs are waiting for us,
one of which is already a toad,
that is, a big unpleasant task,
and the second is smaller.
We do exactly the same,
we start our day
with a small frog,
and after that we are completely free.
Someone says,
how can I eat a frog in the morning,
my mood will be spoiled for the whole day.
You will not spoil your mood
for a very simple reason,
you already treat it
as some unpleasant task
and you will say,
I will deal with it,
I will swallow it now,
and everything will be fine.
That is, you dissociate yourself from the problem,
and this is very important.
Look, you are standing on the top of the mountain,
right in front of you is a descent on skis,
and you have to fall into
what is now just a gap,
imagine your state,
and now imagine yourself
in a completely different state,
level, you are standing on skis,
noticeably stable,
you are standing well, everything is sunny,
and there is a small figure of a skier
somewhere near the mountain
and now he will descend beautifully
from this mountain down,
and you look at it,
you have a different state,
this is the same association and dissociation,
that is, you are associated with the problem
or you are dissociated,
and this technique of eating a frog
allows you to dissociate from the problem
and consider it in the game
as a toy,
and now I will cope with you,
because I am smart,
I am brave, I am just fine fellow.
Next, our frog can have a single character,
and can have a regular character.
For example, we can
need to make an unpleasant call,
this is a single frog,
and if we started learning a foreign language
and even split our elephant
into beefsteaks,
and after that split the beefsteaks
into small frogs,
and these frogs are presented
just on your next slide.
So, three new English words
you have to learn every day.
This is a regular frog,
and for its eating you need a special technique,
this is a two-dimensional graph
that we use,
which is presented on the slide.
Please look at the lines,
and we mark the days
when we have to do this task.
So, frogs, three new English words,
some kind of gymnastics,
or cold spitting,
or some kind of very contrasting shower.
Please look at the lines,
we only mark the days
when we have to eat this frog.
This does not mean that if we do not eat it,
we need to immediately become
an anti-officer widow.
There is no such tragedy.
In time management there should not be violence,
this is a vicious circle.
This is a time-hunting trip,
a time-hunting organization,
or if someone is closer to this association,
a suit that is perfectly suited
for itself,
a suit for organizing your own time,
for organizing your own life.
So, if you did not cope with some kind of frog today,
well, God forbid,
you just did not tick the box.
The next day you will definitely tick it.
This two-dimensional schedule is needed
for you to control yourself
and not to miss,
not to forget about your frog,
which is so asked
that you eat it.
And now please open your workbooks
and look at page 12.
Look, please, at the top you have a table
in which you must present
your unpleasant tasks
and in the right column
indicate the time for these tasks.
As you will see,
time is actually required very little.
And objectively,
it is not too difficult.
And how to cope with your own mood,
we have already talked about it.
And after you fill in the top table,
you need to fill in the middle table
where your everyday frogs and beefsteaks are presented.
So, in the very left column,
please write
those very things
that are your regular frogs or beefsteaks.
And note in these columns
the process,
not the process itself,
but the fact of eating these animals,
namely the solution of these tasks.
We have one more dish,
but before we start eating,
I would like to remind you
that we are working with our workbook.
Please look at the bottom,
our intermediate joys are presented.
Indeed, our life would turn into God knows what
if it reduced to eating
all the unpleasant things
that we have already talked about.
Beefsteaks,
frogs,
and other unpleasant tasks.
In fact,
in order to motivate yourself
to work with unpleasant tasks,
you should choose
the most delicious product
for which we will cope
with unpleasant tasks.
Namely, choose the most delicious product
for which we will cope with unpleasant tasks.
Namely, choose the so-called intermediate joy.
It can be anything.
It can be a trip to the cinema,
it can be a purchase of a new DVD,
it can be a huge delicious cake,
it can be two hours of time spent
with good friends
with whom you have not seen for a long time,
it can be a beautiful expensive lipstick
or something like that.
Everything you consider necessary and important.
As one listener said,
I will eat frogs for 6 days,
and on the 7th day I will eat frog legs.
Isn't it beautiful?
So we move on to our next dish
which is called Swiss cheese.
What is it?
When you can't cope with beefsteaks,
when you can't solve any task
even at the level of your daily working time
for two hours,
we apply the Swiss cheese method.
The point is to bite off a small piece.
You need to clean your apartment.
Go and wet the rag and that's it.
I'll just wet the rag and put it back
and I won't do anything with it.
I need to learn a foreign language.
I'll just open the textbook,
nothing else.
A small portion of work.
The point is to make the road easier for the walker.
The eyes are afraid, the hands are doing.
So do at least a little.
You need to write an article.
Write half a page.
You won't have time to look around yourself
how to write the second, and the third one,
and the case is over.
One of the greats gave an example.
A letter was written.
What is it that my father doesn't write today?
Take a clean sheet of paper and write
what my father doesn't write today.
What my father doesn't write today.
So you look and write.
And then a whole new story was created.
This is about the Switzerland cheese method.
So we move on to the technique
which leads us to a certain completion of the cycle.
The cycle of work on time management.
The technique is called the Pinarik calendar.
It is presented on your slide.
Please pay attention to the structure of the Pinarik calendar.
Why is it a Pinarik? Because it is a Pinarik.
It does not allow us to forget that time is a very material thing.
And as we said, it is our only inexhaustible resource.
Now we will go through the structure,
and then we will fill in the Pinarik calendar,
which is presented in your workbook.
At the top are the years, in the middle is the current year.
Only at the bottom is a line that continues the years.
That's the whole structure. It is very simple.
And now we will start filling in our personal Pinarik calendar.
Please open your workbook on page 13.
At the bottom you have a Pinarik calendar for...
Please write your name or name there.
And then please write that this Pinarik calendar is started.
Write today's date.
The date when you look at this Pinarik calendar for the first time.
And then let's fill it in.
So, in the first two lines we find the year of your birth.
And crosswise crosswise cross this cell.
Crossed.
Now the next cell after it, also crosswise crosswise cross.
This is the year when you turned one.
And the next we crosswise cross. This is when you were two years old.
And so we cross every year of your life until the current year.
So, the top two lines end in the year 2000.
And we move on to the bottom line.
Cross 2001, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
And cross 7 not crosswise, but one line diagonally.
Because the 7th year is just going on.
Next, we move on to the left column, which shows the months of the current year.
Cross January, cross February, cross March, cross April.
And finally, cross May with one line diagonally, because now we have May here.
Crossed.
Now we start looking at the line that goes to the right of May.
These are the dates of the number May.
So, the first May is already passed, we cross it crosswise.
And the second one has passed, we cross it crosswise.
So we have reached today's date.
Today's date we crossed with one line diagonally.
Our calendar is ready to be introduced.
Tonight you will cross today crosswise.
And tomorrow morning in the next cell you will put one line diagonally.
That is, you will cross the next cell diagonally.
Tomorrow evening you will cross tomorrow crosswise.
And so on.
What is the essence of this technique? Why is it needed?
Please look at the next slide.
So, our first task is to materialize time.
After all, it is a great temptation to leave this problem and not think that time is extremely material.
Well, think, another year has passed, well, think again, the New Year, well, think again, summer is coming to an end.
Well, think, think, think, think.
And then, it seems, somehow you don't want to think about anything.
So, our task is to materialize time, our inexhaustible, priceless time.
And finally, of course, you see how it is indicated on the slide, this is a daily brain composting, reminding yourself that one day has passed in your priceless, unique life.
You know, people who constantly run the Penarik calendar claim that in just a week they have a state of fierce discontent.
Any processes, phenomena and people who greedily claim their time, and most importantly, they do it aimlessly and uselessly and without forgiveness.
That's the point, so to speak.
And look, please, we are closing a certain circle.
We started our course with a pie of time.
And we are closing the study of our course with our technique, which is called the Penarik calendar.
Both techniques have one goal, to remind yourself that our time is priceless, our time is inexhaustible, and we must have time to live, not just react to external circumstances.
Summary of the block of self-motivation.
Pay attention to the following.
1. Systemic rest management. Do not forget about rest during the working day. Remember that this way we invest in ourselves, in our ability to work.
2. Regular self-deception using the time manager menu. Eat elephants, frogs with pleasure and appetite, snack on Swiss cheese.
3. Materialization of time and desires. We write down what we want and we achieve it and provide it to ourselves.
And we materialize time using the Penarik calendar. I must say that time managers who are particularly attentive to this problem make a table with a countdown in Excel.
So, our course has come to an end.
I wish you all the tools of time management that we have discussed will be useful to you and make your life more rich and more effective.
I also want to wish you to have time to live, not just work, to have time to look at the sunrise and sunset and in the eyes of people who love you so much and who need you so much.
I wish you happiness, health and good luck.